bpo-32234: Context manager available for mailbox instances (#4770)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2017-12-15-09-32-57.bpo-32234.XaOkhR.rst

> Mailbox instances can be used in the context manager. The Mailbox is locked

Reviewer: s/in the context/as a context/

Author: @maxking I committed the requested change.

> at enter and unlocked and closed at exit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:mod:`Mailbox` instances can now be used as a context manager. The Mailbox is locked on context entry and unlocked and closed at context exit.
```
